# Meeting 6

#### Date: 1/11/2024 - 22:15-23:00

#### Atendees:

- Guilherme Rosa
- Rui Machado
- João Roldão
- Henrique Teixeira

## Order of Business

1. Distribute endpoints through the team

## Notes

1. Guilherme showed the endpoints that need to be implemented and each team member chose one to implement.

- League - Henrique

  - /api/v1/clubs

- Club - Roldao

  - /api/v1/teams
  - /api/v1/teams?name={}&sort=...
  - /api/v1/v1/teams/starTeam
  - /api/v1/team/{id}

- Player - Rui

  - /api/v1/players
  - /api/v1/players?name={name}&club={}
  - /api/v1/players/{id}

- Live Game - Guilherme
  - /api/v1/game/{id}

### Next meeting

2/11/2024 14:30
